Hello husband
I'm out shopping.
It happened to be near the port at home, so I came here for a walk
OK
You've been keeping a low profile lately
Don't let him suspect you're investigating him so early
By the way, Chu Ming, you can check it out. Okay.
Hey Lin Xi
I just saw a little girl take a guy out
Chu Minghua is not afraid of getting any dirty diseases if he plays like this
Bad guys have their day
This scumbag, I'll get him out of the house sooner or later
By the way, is there any news from Yang Yi?
Yang Yi
Yang Yi has no news yet.
No one in his family knew he was missing
Yang Yi used to report safety to his family every week
Missing for so long this time
Doesn't his family doubt it?
That's the weird thing.
Yang Yi's messages reporting safety are all sent regularly.
So there was no suspicion in his family.
send regularly
Enron, I always have a bad feeling
I always feel like something is wrong
But
I have no evidence that Chu Minghua did it
You have to trust Wen Hao
Wen Hao will definitely find evidence
Chu Mingli should also be particularly concerned about this matter
It really was.
Chu Mingli has always excluded dissidents for Chu Minghua
And all the shady things
It's all made by Chu Mingli
Behind both of them
There seems to be a bigger conspiracy
Where else can you start?
open